								CHESS HELP
1. Making moves
	You can make a move by entering a string of characters. The first character should include the piece 	initial given below (All are case sensitive):
	1. KING   : K  2. QUEEN  : Q  3. ROOK   : R  4. BISHOP : B  5. KNIGHT : N  6. PAWN   : P (optional)
	The second character must include the alphabetical coordinate which is written below the chessboard. They are 'a', 'b', 'c', 'd', 'e', 'f', 'g' and 'h'
The third character must include the numerical coordinate which is to the left of the chessboard. They are '1', '2', '3', '4', '5', '6', '7' and '8'.
So the if you want to move the knight to the coordinates (f, 3), the string will look like Nf3.
In case you want to EXCHANGE or KILL a piece then you must include 'X' in the string as the second charater.
For example NXf3
You can do a short castle by entering '0-0'. For long castle enter '0-0-0',
For npassant enter 'npass'
To offer draw you can enter 'draw'.
To resign you can enter 'resign'.
(Mostly enter the move with the next location)
2. Major Rules(From a broader point of view)
	1. When you are in CHECK, you can't do any other move which will not remove the check. You have to play a move which will take you out of CHECK.
	2. Castling	
	You can't do castling when the king is moved or the rook involved in castling is moved, when there is a check in the way of castling or when you are in CHECK.
	3. Npassant
	You can do npassant only when the previous move was a two step move of a pawn and only when the pawn if white is in the 5th row or if black pawn then in the 4th row.
	4. Pawn Promotion
	You can't have more than two pieces of a kind on the board.
3. Other commands
	1. Undo : Enter 'undo'
	2. Redo : Enter 'redo'
	3. Help : Enter 'help'
	4. About : Enter 'about'
	5. Save : Enter 'save'
	6. Open : Enter 'open'
	7. Enable  or Disable computer play : Enter 'cenable'
		(Presently not working) You can enable or disable computer play (when you are in computer vs player or player vs computer mode).
	8. Moves list : Enter 'moves'
